0. Intro

From the primal dust and ether demiurges created the world of Ewwel. Since then Ewwel floated in ether around the Palace of All Gods.
Each of the demiurges had it's own region where they were free to create anything they like, so lakes, deep oceans, dense forests,
errupting volcanoes, high mountains, dark caves were created. Ewwel and it's inhabitants was belowed by all the gods, but one - Chaos.
Later Chaos created the realm of Transcedence and sealed Ewwel there there alongside with his own creation - world of Chaos,
inhabited by strange and ugly creations of his dark mind. Other gods found his actions contrary to their own judgment and banished him
to Endless Abyss where he dwell now, spreading chaos and destruction. Unfortunately demiurges were not able to break the seal of Chaos,
so Ewwel was doomed to constantly struggle against surrounding chaos.
Time has passed and inhabitants of Ewwel got used to new conditions, and life returned to noraml. But suddently terrible earthquakes
tore Ewwel to small pieces, spreading them all over Transcedence. The cause of such cataclysm was hidden in mysterios deep caves
scattered all over the Ewwel. They are said to be created by Chaos itself and contain chaos ether in it's primal form. Fearing for the
fate of Ewwel demiurges tried to gather all the pieces together, but they were unable to tie them - so strong was the power of chaos.
Then Harmonia - one of most powerfull demiurges - took the largest piece of Ewwel and placed on it the spire made of bones and skulls
of defeated enemies. Then Harmonia took all the fragments of former Ewwel and strung them on the spire, placing the smallest at the top.
Each of the pieces was called "plain", some of them was inhabited by humans, some be chaos-creatures, others was nothing more than a
vast ocean. The spire itself was as black as eternal night and as high as the universe itself. Life on the plains was back to normal
and demiurges lost interest in the fate of Ewwel. But one day chaos manifested itself once again. The power of spire began to decay.
Plains began to collapse. Some were completely destroyed, others merged with underlying planes, few of them managed to resist chaos.
   By that time the true history of the world has been forgotten and inhabitants of the plains had a little knowledge about other
plains and about spire itself. Others were completely unaware about other plains.
   You was born on one of the plains which was untouched by the madness of chaos.

That's how the story begins. So you start at some "unaware" plane - inhabitants of which has no knowledge on spire or other planes.
One day you've got a task which during which you was teleported to another plane. Actualy that was the root plane, where the spire
(called here black tower or dark tower) resides.

1. Desired features of the game.
 - random plot generation. Unique plot is generated each time you play. That should be achieved through randomization of every
 part of the story
 - three different planes to choose from. One plain is medieval-style plane with mages, crusaders and all. One is our-time plane
 and one if a distant-future plane with cyborgs and robots. Each of the planes will have it's own description for items
 and mobs and other stuff. Imagine how one from medieval times can describe robot? or someone from distant future can describe a
 horse rider. Moreover as you progress far in the game you will occasionaly see "merged" places - i.e. places from some other real.
 No wonder you can see some scientific laboratory burried in deep caves inhabited by goblins. Some of the places are not reachable
 by commers from some plains. I.e. medieval folk can't decrypt the door access for lab, and so on..
 - random map generation with predefined elements, or quest-contextual generation. imagine we have a quest and a ranom map for it,
 but if quest guardian is a raboto we have to place inside quest map another sub-map generated using "space-ship-like generator" or
 whater
 - predefined global map for main world. Global map means that we will have many sub-maps.
 - hidden features and secrets. Not all the features/secrets generated every game (so you will have to play many games to see all the
 features). As well no every plane commer can access all features
 - severl endings. They should twist the plot like hell. In one case you're led to dark tower, where you defeat chaos and the game ends.
 in another game you've told that actualy that won't help and you need to go to top of the tower etc.
 - buildings and town generator. we do want a modern town with skyscrappers. so let it be stairs in shuch towers
 - linear trawels. You don't need to run around the map from one corner to another. if you need to cover a large distance, then you
 should be teleported there or whatever. i.e. if you go up 100 floors of the skyscrappers to defeat the boss, no need to go down for
 the next target.

